Galaxy, the Simulation of Life, the Universe, and Everything.

Top Priority!
When making the engine, Land and Air vehicles are a top priority!
Roads, Garages and Airports will need to be of the first buildings made for this!
Vehicles also need to be able to wham through buildings when their driving is hostile.
Vehicle Pathfinding is also extremely important!



Damage Collection
Instead of having a health variable that is drained, Reference the health using a getHealth() function.
Whenever a critter takes damage, They have an array of a structure Damage, Which contains an amount, and type.
The getHealth() function will then iterate through the Damage array, pooling up total damage, then returning the health, minus total damage.
This has many benefits, Including allowing specific damage resistences, Typed Regeneration, Healing capabilities that can only restore specific damages, and so on.


Critter Abilities
Vision Evasion Invisibility - Whenever this creature is within a specific degree of angle of vision, they turn invisible
	Only able to be seen when critters are not directly looking at them.
	
Liquifier, Liquify items.

Workshops produce various waste types
Workshops will need to be upgradable in various ways
Workshops will be critter powered at low tech, Later upgrades will allow it to automate production with various power inputs
Perhaps have robits or other forms of mechanical means to transfer items from buildings?



Immovable Object Power Generator
	This material, when supplied with a power connection, locks it's position with the nearest celestial body, All momentum(damage)
	applied to it is then sent along the power lines as direct power, can be used for charging batteries.


Plants
GrowthTemperature Range, Only grows between those temperatures.
GrowthLight Range, Only grows when exposed to this amount of light(Perhaps have it as an exposure time instead? Ranging in hours.)

Afterlife/Spirits/Graveyards

Each region will have a spiritfavor variable, It grows into positive numbers when respects are paid to gravesites, creatures are properly buried, ect.
It grows into negitive numbers when creatures are left slain on the ground, mass graves are done, graves are never visited/paid respects, and horrific deaths occur.

This number will warrent certain things to occur, If in the positive, Spirits may provide the residents with buffs, happy thoughts, or even assist in defense in small ways.
In the positive, Hauntings will occur, possession, killings, ectoplasmic diseases spread... such things.

When an individual dies, depending on the spiritfavor of the region, They will occasionally return as a spirit and do their last task over again, if they didn't move on for whatever reason.
In the positive numbers, sometimes you'll have a crafter appear and make random trinkets and items in the dead of the night, farmers returning to tend fields for short durations...
In the negitives, You'll have warriors return to slaughter creatures, butchers return to dissect creatures, gluttonous spirits appear and eat from your foodstocks.


Galaxy Magic
Mana will be channeled into spells to increase their power, Each Npc will have a Mana Conduit type variable that controls how fast they absorb mana.
Random event to have a grand elder appear, making it known that an Npc is an Epic Conduit, increasing their Mana Intake by 9000%

Magic Towers
Buildings built up vast pillars containing rare and ancient magic from the gods before, The pillar must be climbed up, or technology high enough to simply fly up.

Projectile Expansion
3:28 PM - Dehaku: I'm thinking about screwing with the bullets some more...
3:28 PM - Dehaku: If I change out the simple speed variable for a vector containing a direction/speed AND a duration...
3:28 PM - Dehaku: I could make like... direction changing bullets.
3:29 PM - Dehaku: Like... You could go pew, and then two bullets would shoot behind you, then spread out at an angle shooting infront of you.
3:30 PM - Dehaku: Could even make things like those missiles that shoot out of subs, then blast horizontally with it.


Galaxy Building Weardown
As time goes on, Buildings/machines will slowly lose condition(durability/quality), They can be maintained with oil and spare parts.
If the condition is above half, it only needs oil/lubrication.
If the condition is below half, It will need spare parts to raise the condition, and the building/machine will take damage over time.


Galaxy Magic Gauging/Growth
At any time, a creature can attempt to see how powerful it is by placing it's hands infront of themselves, and focusing all of their arcane/inner might
into a sphere, As time goes on, the sphere gets bigger and bigger until it hits their power limit, Sustaining it at this point will drain some of their power, but has a small chance to increase their overall
power storage.
For most, it's a tiny sphere, but for some, It's as big as a building, or even larger.
Bonus points if this can be fired off.

Galaxy Genetics
Creatures will be built up by Genes, each gene will possess information and stats of a body part, with special traits.


=Traits
-Attributes

-Qualities
Venom
Sharpness
Weight
Genetic Line(See, Cross Species Breeding)
Tool Use


-Weapons
Range
Projectiles
Shot Pattern (Fractals)

-Intelligence
Bravery: Fight or Flight
Competitiveness: Cooperative(Ants), Helpful(Cats), Aggressive(Dogs)
Pack/Loner/Herd: Flocking from 'The Nature of Code'

-Misc
Along with positive traits/qualities of a part, There should also be negitive ones that can arise.
Such as a part being poisonious or degrading over time, such as the apendix in humans. Age dependent parts that cause damage to the system via poison or other methods.

Additionally, Parts should have inner and outer layers, providing vunerabilities and strengths for important parts, like organs, and rib cages.


=Intake
-Eating/Drinking
Carnivore
Herbivore
Metalivore
Bloodivore


-Breathing
Air type(Oxygen, Water, Methane, Ect)
Breathing Methods
 In/Out(Humans)
 Cyclinical(Birds)
 Tunnel(Ramjet Engines)



=Reproducing


*Methods
Mating, Planting, Eggs, Mitosis
Fertilized/Unfertilized
Some situations can lead to Unfertilized(Asexual) reproduction, but they will have alot less varience, and will not benefit from a wider selection of genes due to fertilization(cross breeding).


*Mating Attraction
The creature will have various scores attributed to it, all for the purpose of social/mate attraction.
The targeted mate will have their own preferences for each attraction, and weigh them against the creature.
-Attractions
Speed
Strength
Vocal
Coordination
Creativity
Appearence
Intimidation(Usually overrides most others, and can crop up as a trait to ignore attraction ratings, though more likely to be assaulted by others.)
^Mating Attraction could also be used as 'distractions' to stun, or 'lure' in prey, Example(Spider-Tail Horned Viper, Sirens, Carnivorous Plants)


*Planting (May be incorporated into Eggs)
Creatures could sprout offspring from their bodies in the form of seeds, or branchlings, and bury them while they grow from the ground.
Fertilization would occur through mixing seeds, spores, or branches, and thus combining in the early stages.

*Eggs
Creatures will lay eggs, protected shells, that allow the young to grow without draining the parent directly.
Early egg laying stages will require some form of energy to grow, either heat, motion, or magic, This will lead to creatures laying on their eggs, or implanting eggs in other creatures.
Fertilization could occur before or after laying, depending on traits.
Evolutionary Traits could lead to stronger shells, nutritous shells for an inital food boost, growth speed, food requirements, outside energy requirements (Heat, Motion, Magic)

*Mitosis
Creatures will go into a state of Mitosis once sufficently old enough, and fed enough, and will split into two or more younger, smaller creatures.
Evolutionary Traits could lead to protective cacoons, speed, food requirements, outside energy requirements. (Heat, Motion, Magic)


*Cross Species Breeding
Each creature will have a long string of characters known as it's Genetic Line(Further refered to as Line), This Line represents the varience in species as they split.
This Line is what determines how capatible two creatures are with eachother, Each difference in letter, and amount of letters, increases the difficulty of successful cross breeding.
Some innately magical creatures will possess a gene that allows them to ignore a portion of difficulty to spread their genes. (Changelings, Dragons, Fae, Ect)
Each generation will do one of two things to their genetic line, Modifying a random character in the line, or far less likely, adding, or removing a character.


=End Goals
*Changeling DNA copying/storing/selecting.
-Perhaps adding an 'active/repressed' bool to genes, and changelings can turn those on and off? (Hotkeys will be required, as well as percentage of success, and Genetic Damage(Freeradicals?) Ala Dreamscape)
-Nomming creatures will give a small set of their genetics as repressed genes.
-Changelings will also need 'sets' of genetic codes, along with hotkeys for individual genes, for mass changes.
-Potential Variables, DNA-Damage, Gene Manifest Time, Recovery Time, Damage caused by usage(Like Sinfection Traits)
*Species that can reproduce rapidly.
*Species that can use other species to grow their own.
*Differences in Species causing mating to be difficult, the further apart.
*Small chance of 'magic' infused genes allowing huge numbers, or rare qualities. (Like 10x strength, ignoring DNA difference for mating, Or electric generation)


