/*  Meta Profile Upgrades and Benefits

    Alignment (Peaceful/Hostile) (Religious/Athiest) (Technophile/Technophobe)

    During the course of the game, Upon completing specific goals/structures, You'll earn meta points that can be spent to upgrade various things on a global scale for your controlled faction.


    *Earning* - Various tasks to earn Meta Points, From Building specificly shaped structures, to interacting with species, to blowing up planets, to discovering rare artifacts, ect
    First time building a perfect circle in local space.
    First time building a Galaxy Logo in local space.

    Building; http://imgur.com/gallery/YtsPPTK (May be used for spells as well/instead)

    First encounter with an Azabulian
    First Kill of an Azabulian
    First Recruiting of an Azabulian
    First Spell Discovered

    Caused a faction to become space faring.

    Killing in the name of; A Squad Tactic that forces your critters to shout your name(Read Meta Profile Jist), Giving up any surprise, Gaining you meta points for each kill.



    Killed 200 Azabulians

    Sacrificed critters to the gods(Armok easter egg required)

    One Time Only; Sacrificed entire faction at once(About a one minute grace period, Minimum population requirement (30+?) )

    *Spending* Spend Meta Points in various catagories, from Global Faction Critter Stats, to Tech Growth Rates, to immensely enhanced single critter stats, to spell creation, to creature creation.
    Create a brand new creature from scratch(Higher quality parts require more points)

    "Faction Global" - Permanent enhancements to all future factions under your control, Even upon losing your current one, These benefits carry over.
    Faction Global; Stat Growth; Small percent buff to specific critter skills/attributes, like 5% buff to all move speeds.
    Faction Global; Mental Awakening; Small addition to all critters mental attributes, Added to their base values.

    "Faction Single" - Enhancements to a single specific creature in your faction, The buff is usually rather large compared to the Global Varients, Though usually costs immensely more.
    Faction Single; Avatar; Imbue a creature with divine power, Causing them to gain immense growth rates, 5x physical attributes.
    Faction Single; Ageless; Critter stops aging.
    Faction Single; Aristotle; Critter can teach anything at full proficency, Even without knowing it themselves.

    "Mythical Power" - Extremely powerful spells that can be produced via Divine Power or Meta Points.
    Mythical Power; Blackhole; Summon a Blackhole in Local Space(Low Tier), World Space(Mid Tier), Galactic Space(Top tier)
    Mythical Power; Lightning Strike
    Mythical Power; Plague
    Mythical Power; Necromatic Uprising
    Mythical Power; Volcano
    Mythical Power; Planet Buster


*/

/* Meta Profile Jist

7:48 PM - Dehaku: But yeah, It's basic inspiration...
7:48 PM - Dehaku: Is that the player is actually some form of Diety possessing control of a faction.
7:48 PM - Dehaku: They have their own tendencies and capabilities and power...
7:49 PM - Dehaku: Once they take over a faction, they grant their passives(Permanent boosts), Their actives(Single critter boosts), and can grant miracles (Mythical Powers)
7:49 PM - Dehaku: And, of course...
7:49 PM - Dehaku: They guide the faction to their will.
7:49 PM - Dehaku: Yenno, playing the game.
7:49 PM - Dehaku: -snickers-
7:50 PM - Dehaku: They gain power by having the faction do various meta tasks that to them would see mostly pointless.
7:50 PM - Dehaku: Like sacrificing people, or shaping the world, or... recruiting certain people into their ranks.
7:50 PM - Dehaku: These actions would power the diety(Meta Profile Points)
7:51 PM - Dehaku: This concept should work beautifully in Multiplayer as well.
7:52 PM - Dehaku: Even the AI can get in on it for the more static factions.
7:52 PM - Dehaku: Perhaps even a couple randomed ones as well.
7:52 PM - Dehaku: Plus...
7:52 PM - Dehaku: It's always nice to earn something permanent, even when your entire team has been destroyed, A little consulation for next time, eh?
7:53 PM - Dehaku: My main fear about it, Is it may dip too much into the Magic's territory.
7:53 PM - Dehaku: But so long as I keep the mythical powers epic, and static...
7:53 PM - Dehaku: Magic should still have it's own appeal.
7:54 PM - Litharian: Mmmm... Yeah.
7:55 PM - Litharian: Plus, I'm imagining the net gain when something like Loretta goes out in a tragic accidetn.
7:56 PM - Dehaku: -nods-
7:56 PM - Dehaku: Heh, Plus...
7:56 PM - Dehaku: It allows alot of interesting dynamics.
7:56 PM - Dehaku: Like you could set up your squads to initative combat in your name, Yenno, Shouting a gods name or something, Giving up any element of surprise...
7:57 PM - Dehaku: But earning you small bits of meta points with each kill or some such.
7:57 PM - Dehaku: Just little things like that.



*/